My patience isn't limitless... unlike my authority
Those who are made can be unmade
I am The Alien From Another Dimension. Your world screams out for my domination! And if you get in my way…I will sweep you and your insignificant species aside!
You have one sentence to convince me not to kill you all
I swear by all the salt in me: if you run counter to my desire, the remainder of your brief mortal span will be an orchestra of misery.
Might as well stop breathing, you're not going to be doing that anymore.
They would have to glue you back together, IN HELL !!!!!
Spoiler alert- I'm about to kick your ass
Your tuition just went up 1000$
I'm going to kill you... and then kill you again
All right, I've been thinking, when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade! Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man whose gonna burn your house down - with the lemons!
The trash gets picked up tomorrow, be ready
uwu...hehe... murder!
It's a good day for knuckle sandwich
I must warn you, I like it rough....
I'm going to show you the difference between pain and agony
My fists are hungry
LETS GET READY TO RUMBLEEEEEEEEE..
lets fucking goooooooooooooooo
Whatever God you worship, you'll be seeing them soon
Your subscription to life has ended
Can you feel your heart burning? Can you feel the struggle within? The fear within me is beyond anything your soul can make. You cannot kill me in a way that matters.
I will piss your pants
In real life you don't respawn! Lemme show you
If I decide to crush you my sheer power will make mountains fall, cities crumbles, galaxies implode, meteors will rain from the sky, stars will explode with a thousandfold power and all you would be able to do is watch helplessly as the my wrath brings upon the apocalypse and you are crushed in my Glory.
If pain is money, your student loans are about to disappear
:eye:w:eye:
Your pants can't wait for my pee
Born to poop, Forced to wipe
We live in a society
Do the monkey with me!
That's my purse! I don't know you!
Geneva can't help you here
in this world it's pee or get peed on
*takes your tuition money* Nothing personal kid
Your fear will eat you alive!
This was definately the wrong day to forget to put underwear on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXlYuaycRbU
Where's your homework? You're about to get schooled.
I bet you were born on the highway because that's where most accidents happen.
*deep aggravated breath*
*guttural snarl that hurts the throat*
Oh, you're approaching me
*HAVE AT THEE!*
I'll shove my foot so far up your ass you wont need to buy feet pics cuz you'll taste mine in your mouth for a week
👁️👄👁️
You can call this a belated abortion
Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru
Tell me, what's your safe-word?
I'm gonna stitch you back together just to do this all over again
you will be zucc'd